Let's look at who actually uses Linux.
The US government and its agencies at the level of national, state, federal and international they
use Linux and those agencies are such as FBI, IRS and many of the other agencies.
Then we have NASCAR, National Aeronautics Space Administration.
They run most of their computation platform on Linux operating system.
So they also they're not only the user of Linux, they also contribute to the Linux source code.
They so every time there is an update or there's a patch, they also add to that source of the patch.
Then we have health care environment, for example, hospitals or even scientists.
They use Linux to come up with the newer discoveries in the medicine field.
Bullet train in Japan, which runs at a speed of 150 to 215 miles per hour.
They run their platform that does the application, that controls that train.
It runs on Linux traffic control.
Many countries in the world are implementing traffic control, different methods.
For example, they have cameras.
So every time you break a light, a traffic signal, it takes your picture.
And how does it happen?
There is an application behind it which since the movement of your car and that application run on Linux
Financial Institutes, for example New York Stock Exchange all they do their tradings they're trading
platform applications are running on the NICS entertainment industries like cinemas, production houses
and many other entertainment industries worldwide.
E-commerce leaders, including Amazon, eBay, PayPal and Wal-Mart run their platform on Linux.
So, for example, if you go to dot, dot, dot, dot, Amazon.com and the first page you see, which
is a web server, that web server is actually running on an operating system and many other Fortune
500 companies such as Google, IBM, McDonald's and Facebook and many, many, of course, that I cannot
add them to this slide runs on the Linux operating system.